---
layout: home
limit: 0
show_excerpts: true
entries_layout: list
---

I am Assistant Professor of Information Sciences at the University of
Illinois Urbana-Champaign, where I teach classes in Information
Organization and Access as well as in Information Modeling. I am also a
Faculty Affiliate of the Illinois Informatics Institute, the Beckman
Institute (Organizational Intelligence & Computational Social Science
Working Group within the Intelligent Systems research theme), the Health
Care Engineering Systems Center at the Coordinated Science Laboratory,
and the European Union Center. I am also a Clinical Assistant Professor
in the Department of Psychiatry of the University of Illinois Chicago
School of Medicine.


The information quality lab studies the science of science,
bibliographic information retrieval (especially retrieval and quality of
medical information), and how evidence-based arguments are used in
scholarship and in public discourse. The long-term goal of the lab’s
work is to develop computer support for debate and argumentation,
especially evidence synthesis. The lab’s technical perspective draws on
data science, argumentation, knowledge representation, computer
supported cooperative work, and human-computer interaction. Technical
skills commonly used in this lab include data science (machine learning,
network analysis, textmining), knowledge representation (ontologies and
semantic technologies), prototyping, annotation, mixed methods research,
and user-based evaluations. Typical applications areas include digital
libraries and health informatics.